Chips (#4124)
canonical-web-and-design/vanilla-framework: templates/docs/patterns/chip.md

View example of the default chip pattern
</a></div>

> Chips come in 5 colours. The default is neutral (grey). Use any of the following flavours to style valuesthat have semantic or otherwise colour coded meaning:

Reviewer: typo: 

```suggestion
Chips come in 5 colours. The default is neutral (grey). Use any of the following flavours to style values that have semantic or otherwise colour coded meaning:
```

Author: fixed
